okay here's the valve junior again this
is how it looks outside and this is the
small attenuator cops 3 decibels out of
it and on the back you can see the newly
installed food switch that jumps over
our six and gives a little boost and
here's pale for it a guitar use is a
Japanese Jackson with a EMG okay this is
how the valve jr. sounds with the must
first off here's the valve Junior's
stock with the EMG pick up own
I can make it a little cleaner by using
a graphic EQ cheap bearing of clocks
yeah that's much nicer
and then the simple will start mod
it's off now it's on
boost it up quite nicely then I'm cue
screamer
and chip screaming would they eat punch
much
see I'd worse it really gives it a punch
ha
I
I said the punch mod really is worth
you
I can post that sound
see how they those that are both the
switch works
uh